c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.pdb
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\przemek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.pdb
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.dll.config
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.WebUI.pdb
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.Domain.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\SportStore.Domain.pdb
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.pdb
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.dll
E:\SportsStore\SportStore.WebUI\obj\Debug\SportStore.WebUI.pdb
